README.md, before:

# NestJS Server-Sent Events

The **NestJS Server-Sent Events** repository is a practical resource that demonstrates the integration of Server-Sent Events (SSE) with NestJS. SSE is a technology that enables real-time communication between a server and a client. This repository provides a straightforward approach to implementing SSE in your NestJS applications.

https://github.com/diegodario88/server-sent-events/assets/25825145/80e8f658-0ccb-4f52-873e-25e6ef84e73b

## Key Features

- **NestJS Integration:** Learn how to seamlessly integrate SSE functionality into your NestJS application. The repository includes well-structured code examples and best practices for a smooth implementation.

- **Real-time Communication:** Experience the power of real-time communication with SSE. Establish and maintain a persistent connection between the server and clients, enabling instant updates.

- **Event-Driven Architecture:** Explore how SSE fits into event-driven architecture. Define and handle custom events, allowing clients to subscribe to specific event types and receive targeted updates.

- **Scalability and Performance:** Discover techniques for optimizing scalability and performance. Learn how to efficiently manage multiple clients and minimize server resource usage.

- **Error Handling and Resilience:** Learn to handle errors and failures gracefully in SSE-based applications. The repository covers various scenarios and provides robust error handling mechanisms.

- **Comprehensive Documentation:** Detailed documentation is provided to guide you through SSE concepts, implementation steps, and usage scenarios. The documentation includes clear explanations, code samples, and helpful tips.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/Server-Sent-Events.git`

2. Follow the documentation in the repository to integrate SSE into your NestJS application.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find a bug or want to add a new feature, please submit an issue or a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add installation and running instructions to README.md
Added installation instructions to the README.md file to guide users on how to install the application. Also added instructions on how to run the app in watch mode.

README.md, after:

# NestJS Server-Sent Events

The **NestJS Server-Sent Events** repository is a practical resource that demonstrates the integration of Server-Sent Events (SSE) with NestJS. SSE is a technology that enables real-time communication between a server and a client. This repository provides a straightforward approach to implementing SSE in your NestJS applications.

https://github.com/diegodario88/server-sent-events/assets/25825145/80e8f658-0ccb-4f52-873e-25e6ef84e73b

## Key Features

- **NestJS Integration:** Learn how to seamlessly integrate SSE functionality into your NestJS application. The repository includes well-structured code examples and best practices for a smooth implementation.

- **Real-time Communication:** Experience the power of real-time communication with SSE. Establish and maintain a persistent connection between the server and clients, enabling instant updates.

- **Event-Driven Architecture:** Explore how SSE fits into event-driven architecture. Define and handle custom events, allowing clients to subscribe to specific event types and receive targeted updates.

- **Scalability and Performance:** Discover techniques for optimizing scalability and performance. Learn how to efficiently manage multiple clients and minimize server resource usage.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev
```

> Access `http://localhost:3000` to see the client

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find a bug or want to add a new feature, please submit an issue or a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
